Welcome, in this video, we're going to synchronize our changes back to our local repository.
I'm currently on the GitHub site, logged in, and on the "website" GitHub repository.
We've made a lot of changes, and if I go over to "commits"
we have several changes we've made to our repository directly.
Again, this isn't exactly a best practice, but sometimes it happens.
What we want to do is make sure that we changes we have on GitHub
are also synchronized back to our local repository,
so when we go to do work there, we're not working with old files.
Let's jump back over to our terminal program,
and I'm currently in the "website" repository on my local system,
which is under our "projects" folder within the user's home directory.
I'm currently on master and, as of right now,
this Git repository thinks that it's up-to-date, and there's nothing to commit.
If I simply do a "git fetch", that will update my references from GitHub.
So now, when I do a "git status", it tells me that my local master branch
"is behind 'origin/master' by 6 commits",
and it also tells me this can be fast-forwarded,
which is the easy button version of merging in your changes.
So, let's do that now; as it suggests, we can simply do a "git pull".
Type "git pull", press enter; great, we have two files that have changed.
Our "index.html", which me modified the title tag, and the newly created "lipsum.txt".
Now, if I do an "ls -al", I can see my new file "lipsum.txt".